Init 11.7-a.6 plus changelog entries (#27994)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/connection/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for the Jetpack RNA Connection Component releases.

## 0.24.2 - 2022-12-19
### Added

> - Allow to pass custom logo and icon to connection screen [#27802]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow passing the custom logo and icon to connection screen [#27802]
```
